owner
I knew you still had feelings for me
Did I want to kill them both for a long time?
They don't deserve you.
How can it compare to me and you so much?
Years of love
You're just Xue Zhilong's dog
I really treat myself as a dish
Dare to mess with our in-laws again
You don't even know how you died tonight, right?
How dare you frame me?
Our Lin family let you bully us like this
You have no idea.
Master, he's just playing with you
If you don't believe me, see
No matter what I do
He will forgive me and shut up
I already knew you were holding back
Just for the sake of you and me for so many years
I turned a blind eye.
But tonight you dare to hit on my son
Really walked into my Achilles' heel
Who can't you provoke?
How dare you harm Qingyun Longjun's son?
To hell with you.
Master, I just lost my mind for a while
I just want to hold you by my side
I didn't want to hurt his leaves.
Master, I just love you so much
Shut up, you didn't just mess with me tonight
You also provoked the Kim family
Leave this to the Kim family
Suoxi, what do you think?
Doesn't he like men?
Okay, send him to Huzi
Let him think about what it's like to be a bunch of men
No master, I can't go to Brother Tiger's
Brother Tiger, that's not a place for people, master